Okay, this is our solution. For the A1 process, we're addressing the fact that suppliers don't understand the data requirements and they don't see priority or urgency for our requests. Therefore, our solution is using an easy delivery method and clear asks in terms of the data that we want and the timeline that we want it in. Specifically, this looks like a form so that they enter the specific data that we want in the format that we want it. And then we also include requests for responses within a given timeline. For example, one week. Additionally, there will be the option for a file upload in case companies prefer to send files instead of entering entering the data manually. as well as a catchall field for any other notes or data they would like to include. Additionally, to reduce communication time, we're going to implement automated follow-ups that trigger, um, if there has been no response after a set interval of time. Again, example is one week. We need to look into specifically how this is launched, if this is a capability in NetSuite. Um, in terms of this, we also want to look at data security concerns as well as fallbacks. Uh, if this doesn't work. For A2 part of the solution, the main problems are calculating distances, um, unknown starting points of suppliers in their locations and then getting the actual distance from the supplier to the facility. To address this at the start of a new relationship with a supplier, uh, we send them a form that collects basic information, including address slash location as a mandatory field. To calculate the distances, we're going to use distance APIs, including a Google Maps API for road driving distances for things like trucks. And then another API, which will provide later, which gives access to navigation via bodies of water. One other thing we need to look into is whether train slash freight distance APIs are available or whether they even use these. Additionally, APIs like Google Maps can integrate with NetSuite. We need to look into whether the others do. I'm sure they do. Um, we'll store this data somehow in NetSuite, for example, like a simple database, um, but for each one of these stages, the output is a data file of some sort that is structured and easy for AI to read. This could be a database, CSV, or JSON, since that's easy for AI to read. For A3, we're trying to address manual, time-consuming data collection process that requires detective work to go through different sources, manually click on different utility providers, websites, and then find metrics. So to address this, we're providing a centralized source of information by either creating a isolated email. For example, supplier info at companyname.com, where we'll start using this email for all suppliers, so all of the emails will go there. We can also use different folders to sort the different senders and utilities companies into different folders for easy access for the administrator who is doing this. Um, Finally, all of these different stages output some sort of data, whether it is structured or unstructured or in between. Um, this is then put into a folder and then using a system similar to Claude cowork, with custom prompts, instructions, and templates. It is then turned into an Excel based on their existing workflow. This is done manually. A review agent is used to verify that data is accurate compared to the original data, and then there's a final human review that checks the original data source to the Excel file. Finally, in terms of who's going to be doing this, we're going to be asking an employee to take ownership of this process. We think that the efficiencies that are created in automating some of these tasks, and getting info easier, and being more on top of this, will create time for a certain employee to own this task. Additionally, being more on top of automatic follow-ups should decrease response times, and more continual monitoring will lead to better outcomes.